# UAudioComponent

**Visibility:** public

## Inheritance

USceneComponent → UAudioComponent → UAudioCurveSourceComponent

## Description

AudioComponent is used to play a Sound

### See also

- https://​docs​.unrealengine​.com​/WorkingWithAudio​/Overview @see USoundBase

## ANALYSIS

### EnvelopeFollowerAttackTime

```
int EnvelopeFollowerAttackTime
```

The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.

### EnvelopeFollowerReleaseTime

```
int EnvelopeFollowerReleaseTime
```

The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.

---

## ATTACHMENT

### AutoAttachLocationRule

```
EAttachmentRule AutoAttachLocationRule
```

Options for how we handle our location when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.  @see bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

### AutoAttachSocketName

```
FName AutoAttachSocketName
```

Socket we automatically attach to on the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.  @see bAutoManageAttachment

### bAutoManageAttachment

```
bool bAutoManageAttachment
```

True if we should automatically attach to AutoAttachParent when Played, and detach from our parent when playback is completed.  This overrides any current attachment that may be present at the time of activation (deferring initial attachment until activation, if AutoAttachParent is null).  If enabled, this AudioComponent's WorldLocation will no longer be reliable when not currently playing audio, and any attach children will also be detached/attached along with it.  When enabled, detachment occurs regardless of whether AutoAttachParent is assigned, and the relative transform from the time of activation is restored.  This also disables attachment on dedicated servers, where we don't actually activate even if bAutoActivate is true.  @see AutoAttachParent, AutoAttachSocketName, AutoAttachLocationType

### AutoAttachRotationRule

```
EAttachmentRule AutoAttachRotationRule
```

Options for how we handle our rotation when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.  @see bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

### AutoAttachScaleRule

```
EAttachmentRule AutoAttachScaleRule
```

Options for how we handle our scale when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.  @see bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

---

## ATTENUATION

### AttenuationOverrides

```
FSoundAttenuationSettings AttenuationOverrides
```

If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component

### bAllowSpatialization

```
bool bAllowSpatialization
```

Overrides spatialization enablement in either the attenuation asset or on this audio component's attenuation settings override.

### bOverrideAttenuation

```
bool bOverrideAttenuation
```

Allows defining attenuation settings directly on this audio component without using an attenuation settings asset.

### AttenuationSettings

```
USoundAttenuation AttenuationSettings
```

If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component

---

## AUDIO \| COMPONENTS \| AUDIO

### PlayState

```
const EAudioComponentPlayState PlayState
```

Returns the enumerated play states of the audio component.

---

## CONCURRENCY

### ConcurrencySet

```
TSet<TObjectPtr<USoundConcurrency>> ConcurrencySet
```

What sound concurrency rules to use for sounds generated by this audio component

---

## MODULATION

### ModulationRouting

```
FSoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings ModulationRouting
```

---

## PARAMETERS

### DefaultParameters

```
TArray<FAudioParameter> DefaultParameters
```

Array of parameters for this AudioComponent. Changes to this array directly will not be forwarded to the sound if the component is actively playing, and will be superseded by parameters set via the actor interface if set, or the instance parameters.

### bDisableParameterUpdatesWhilePlaying

```
bool bDisableParameterUpdatesWhilePlaying
```

If true, the Audio Component will ignore parameter updates for already-playing sound(s).

---

## RANDOMIZATION \| PITCH

### PitchModulationMax

```
float32 PitchModulationMax
```

The upper bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier

### PitchModulationMin

```
float32 PitchModulationMin
```

The lower bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier

---

## RANDOMIZATION \| VOLUME

### VolumeModulationMin

```
float32 VolumeModulationMin
```

The lower bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier

### VolumeModulationMax

```
float32 VolumeModulationMax
```

The upper bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier

---

## SOUND

### SourceEffectChain

```
USoundEffectSourcePresetChain SourceEffectChain
```

The chain of Source Effects to apply to the sounds playing on the Audio Component

### PitchMultiplier

```
float32 PitchMultiplier
```

A pitch multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component

### Priority

```
float32 Priority
```

If enabled, overrides the priority of the selected sound with the value provided.

### SoundClassOverride

```
USoundClass SoundClassOverride
```

SoundClass that overrides that set on the referenced SoundBase when component is played.

### LowPassFilterFrequency

```
float32 LowPassFilterFrequency
```

If enabled, the frequency of the Lowpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.

### bEnableLowPassFilter

```
bool bEnableLowPassFilter
```

Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.

### Sound

```
USoundBase Sound
```

The sound to be played

### bOverridePriority

```
bool bOverridePriority
```

Whether or not to override the priority of the given sound with the value provided.

### VolumeMultiplier

```
float32 VolumeMultiplier
```

A volume multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component

### bIsUISound

```
bool bIsUISound
```

Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI

### bCanPlayMultipleInstances

```
bool bCanPlayMultipleInstances
```

If true, the Audio Component will play multiple sound instances at once. Switching sounds or calling play while already playing will not stop already active instances. Virtualization for all played sounds will be disabled. Disabling while sound(s) are playing will not take effect until the AudioComponent is stopped and restarted.

---

## SUBTITLES

### bOverrideSubtitlePriority

```
bool bOverrideSubtitlePriority
```

Whether or not to override the sound's subtitle priority.

### bSuppressSubtitles

```
bool bSuppressSubtitles
```

If true, subtitles in the sound data will be ignored.

### SubtitlePriority

```
float32 SubtitlePriority
```

Used by the subtitle manager to prioritize subtitles wave instances spawned by this component.

---

## VARIABLES

### OnAudioPlayStateChanged

```
FOnAudioPlayStateChanged OnAudioPlayStateChanged
```

This function returns the Targeted Audio Component's current Play State.  Playing, if the sound is currently playing.  Stopped, if the sound is stopped.  Paused, if the sound is currently playing, but paused.  Fading In, if the sound is in the process of Fading In.  Fading Out, if the sound is in the process of Fading Out.

### OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue

```
FOnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue
```
### OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue

```
FOnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue
```
### OnAudioPlaybackPercent

```
FOnAudioPlaybackPercent OnAudioPlaybackPercent
```

Called as a sound plays on the audio component to allow BP to perform actions based on playback percentage.  Computed as samples played divided by total samples, taking into account pitch.  Not currently implemented on all platforms.

### OnAudioVirtualizationChanged

```
FOnAudioVirtualizationChanged OnAudioVirtualizationChanged
```

Called when virtualization state changes

### OnAudioFinished

```
FOnAudioFinished OnAudioFinished
```

Called when we finish playing audio, either because it played to completion or because a Stop() call turned it off early

---

## AUDIO \| COMPONENTS \| AUDIO

### SetVolumeMultiplier

```
void SetVolumeMultiplier(float32 NewVolumeMultiplier)
```

Set a new volume multiplier

### AdjustVolume

```
void AdjustVolume(float32 AdjustVolumeDuration, float32 AdjustVolumeLevel, EAudioFaderCurve FadeCurve = EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear)
```

This function allows designers to trigger an adjustment to the sound instance’s playback Volume with options for smoothly applying a curve over time.

**Parameters**

AdjustVolumeDuration
float32

The length of time in which to interpolate between the initial volume and the new volume.

AdjustVolumeLevel
float32

The new volume to set the Audio Component to.

FadeCurve
EAudioFaderCurve

The curve used when interpolating between the old and new volume.

GetAttenuationSettingsToApply
bool GetAttenuationSettingsToApply(
FSoundAttenuationSettings& 	OutAttenuationSettings
	)

Retrieves Attenuation Settings data on the targeted Audio Component. Returns FALSE if no settings were found.  Because the Attenuation Settings data structure is copied, FALSE returns will return default values.

FadeIn
void FadeIn(
float32 	FadeInDuration,
float32 	FadeVolumeLevel	 = 	1.000000,
float32 	StartTime	 = 	0.000000,
EAudioFaderCurve 	FadeCurve	 = 	EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear
	)

This function allows designers to call Play on an Audio Component instance while applying a volume curve over time.  Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade, the curve shape, and the start time if seeking into the sound.

**Parameters**

FadeInDuration
float32

How long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel

FadeVolumeLevel
float32

The percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume to fade to

FadeCurve
EAudioFaderCurve

The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume

FadeOut
void FadeOut(
float32 	FadeOutDuration,
float32 	FadeVolumeLevel,
EAudioFaderCurve 	FadeCurve	 = 	EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear
	)

This function allows designers to call a delayed Stop on an Audio Component instance while applying a volume curve over time. Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade and the curve shape.

**Parameters**

FadeOutDuration
float32

how long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel

FadeVolumeLevel
float32

the percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume in which to fade to

FadeCurve
EAudioFaderCurve

The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume

GetCookedEnvelopeData
bool GetCookedEnvelopeData(
float32& 	OutEnvelopeData
	)

Retrieves Cooked Amplitude Envelope Data at the current playback time. If there are multiple SoundWaves playing, data is interpolated and averaged across all playing sound waves.  Returns FALSE if no data was found.

GetCookedEnvelopeDataForAllPlayingSounds
bool GetCookedEnvelopeDataForAllPlayingSounds(

TArray<FSoundWaveEnvelopeDataPerSound>& 	OutEnvelopeData

)

Retrieves the current-time amplitude envelope data of the sounds playing on the audio component.  Envelope data is not averaged or interpolated. Instead an array of data with all playing sound waves with cooked data is returned.  Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.

GetCookedFFTData
bool GetCookedFFTData(
TArray<float32> 	FrequenciesToGet,
TArray<FSoundWaveSpectralData>& 	OutSoundWaveSpectralData
	)

Retrieves the current-time cooked spectral data of the sounds playing on the audio component.  Spectral data is averaged and interpolated for all playing sounds on this audio component.  Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.

GetCookedFFTDataForAllPlayingSounds
bool GetCookedFFTDataForAllPlayingSounds(

TArray<FSoundWaveSpectralDataPerSound>& 	OutSoundWaveSpectralData

)

Retrieves the current-time cooked spectral data of the sounds playing on the audio component.  Spectral data is not averaged or interpolated. Instead an array of data with all playing sound waves with cooked data is returned.  Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.

GetPlayState
EAudioComponentPlayState GetPlayState() const

Returns the enumerated play states of the audio component.

HasCookedAmplitudeEnvelopeData
bool HasCookedAmplitudeEnvelopeData() const

Queries whether or not the targeted Audio Component instance’s sound has Amplitude Envelope Data, returns FALSE if none found.

HasCookedFFTData
bool HasCookedFFTData() const

Queries if the sound wave playing in this audio component has cooked FFT data, returns FALSE if none found.

IsPlaying
bool IsPlaying() const

Returns TRUE if the targeted Audio Component’s sound is playing.  Doesn't indicate if the sound is paused or fading in/out. Use GetPlayState() to get the full play state.

IsVirtualized
bool IsVirtualized() const

Returns if the sound is virtualized.

Play
void Play(
float32 	StartTime	 = 	0.000000
	)

Begins playing the targeted Audio Component's sound at the designated Start Time, seeking into a sound.

**Parameters**

StartTime
float32

The offset, in seconds, to begin reading the sound at

PlayQuantized
void PlayQuantized(

UQuartzClockHandle& 	InClockHandle,
FQuartzQuantizationBoundary& 	InQuantizationBoundary,
FOnQuartzCommandEventBP 	InDelegate	 = 	FOnQuartzCommandEventBP ( ),
float32 	InStartTime	 = 	0.000000,
float32 	InFadeInDuration	 = 	0.000000,
float32 	InFadeVolumeLevel	 = 	1.000000,
EAudioFaderCurve 	InFadeCurve	 = 	EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear

)

Start a sound playing on an audio component on a given quantization boundary with the handle to an existing clock

SetAudioBusSendPostEffect
void SetAudioBusSendPostEffect(
UAudioBus 	AudioBus,
float32 	AudioBusSendLevel
	)

Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given Audio Bus (POST Source Effects).  if the Audio Bus Send doesn't already exist, it will be added to the overrides on the active sound.

**Parameters**

AudioBus
UAudioBus

The Bus to send the signal to

AudioBusSendLevel
float32

The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal

SetAudioBusSendPreEffect
void SetAudioBusSendPreEffect(
UAudioBus 	AudioBus,
float32 	AudioBusSendLevel
	)

Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given Audio Bus (PRE Source Effects).  if the Bus Send doesn't already exist, it will be added to the overrides on the active sound.

**Parameters**

AudioBus
UAudioBus

The Bus to send the signal to

AudioBusSendLevel
float32

The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal

SetSubmixSend
void SetSubmixSend(
USoundSubmixBase 	Submix,
float32 	SendLevel
	)

Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound set the send level (volume of sound copied) to the indicated Submix.

**Parameters**

Submix
USoundSubmixBase

The Submix to send the signal to.

SendLevel
float32

The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal.

SetSound
void SetSound(
USoundBase 	NewSound
	)

Set what sound is played by this component

SetSourceBusSendPostEffect
void SetSourceBusSendPostEffect(
USoundSourceBus 	SoundSourceBus,
float32 	SourceBusSendLevel
	)

Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound and set the send level (volume of sound copied) to the indicated Source Bus. If the Source Bus is not already part of the sound’s sends, the reference will be added to this instance’s Override sends. This particular send occurs after the Source Effect processing chain.

**Parameters**

SoundSourceBus
USoundSourceBus

The Bus to send the signal to

SourceBusSendLevel
float32

The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal

SetLowPassFilterEnabled
void SetLowPassFilterEnabled(
bool 	InLowPassFilterEnabled
	)

When set to TRUE, enables an additional Low Pass Filter Frequency to be calculated in with the sound instance’s LPF total, allowing designers to set filter settings for the targeted Audio Component’s sound instance.

SetLowPassFilterFrequency
void SetLowPassFilterFrequency(
float32 	InLowPassFilterFrequency
	)

Sets a cutoff frequency, in Hz, for the targeted Audio Component’s sound’s Low Pass Filter calculation.  The lowest cutoff frequency from all of the sound instance’s possible LPF calculations wins.

SetOutputToBusOnly
void SetOutputToBusOnly(
bool 	bInOutputToBusOnly
	)

Sets whether or not to output the audio to bus only.

SetPaused
void SetPaused(
bool 	bPause
	)

Pause an audio component playing its sound cue, issue any delegates if needed

SetPitchMultiplier
void SetPitchMultiplier(
float32 	NewPitchMultiplier
	)

Set a new pitch multiplier

StopDelayed
void StopDelayed(
float32 	DelayTime
	)

Cues request to stop sound after the provided delay (in seconds), stopping immediately if delay is zero or negative

SetSourceBusSendPreEffect
void SetSourceBusSendPreEffect(
USoundSourceBus 	SoundSourceBus,
float32 	SourceBusSendLevel
	)

Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound and set the send level (volume of sound copied) to the indicated Source Bus. If the Source Bus is not already part of the sound’s sends, the reference will be added to this instance’s Override sends. This particular send occurs before the Source Effect processing chain.

**Parameters**

SoundSourceBus
USoundSourceBus

The Bus to send the signal to.

SourceBusSendLevel
float32

The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal.

AdjustAttenuation
void AdjustAttenuation(
FSoundAttenuationSettings 	InAttenuationSettings
	)

This function is used to modify the Attenuation Settings on the targeted Audio Component instance. It is worth noting that Attenuation Settings are only passed to new Active Sounds on start, so modified Attenuation data should be set before sound playback.

SetUISound
void SetUISound(
bool 	bInUISound
	)

Set whether sounds generated by this audio component should be considered UI sounds

Stop
void Stop()

Stop an audio component's sound, issue any delegates if needed

---

## AUDIO \| PARAMETER

### SetWaveParameter

```
void SetWaveParameter(FName InName, USoundWave InWave)
```

Sets the parameter matching the name indicated to the provided Wave. Provided for convenience/backward compatibility with SoundCues (The parameter interface supports any object and is up to the system querying it to determine whether it is a valid type).

**Parameters**

InName
FName

The name of the parameter to assign the wave to.

InWave
USoundWave

The wave value to set.

SetFloatParameter
void SetFloatParameter(
FName 	InName,
float32 	InFloat
	)

Sets a named Float

SetIntParameter
void SetIntParameter(
FName 	InName,
int 	InInt
	)

Sets a named Int32

SetBoolParameter
void SetBoolParameter(
FName 	InName,
bool 	InBool
	)

Sets a named Boolean

---

## FUNCTIONS

### GetbAllowSpatialization

```
bool GetbAllowSpatialization()const
```

SetbAllowSpatialization

### void SetbAllowSpatialization

```
void SetbAllowSpatialization(bool Value)
```

GetbOverrideAttenuation

### bool GetbOverrideAttenuation

```
bool GetbOverrideAttenuation()const SetbOverrideAttenuation
```

void SetbOverrideAttenuation(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

GetSound

### USoundBase GetSound

```
USoundBase GetSound()const GetbOverrideSubtitlePriority
```

bool GetbOverrideSubtitlePriority() const

### SetbOverrideSubtitlePriority

```
void SetbOverrideSubtitlePriority(bool Value)
```

GetbIsUISound

### bool GetbIsUISound

```
bool GetbIsUISound()const SetbIsUISound
```

void SetbIsUISound(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

GetbEnableLowPassFilter

### bool GetbEnableLowPassFilter

```
bool GetbEnableLowPassFilter()const SetbEnableLowPassFilter
```

void SetbEnableLowPassFilter(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

GetbOverridePriority

### bool GetbOverridePriority

```
bool GetbOverridePriority()const SetbOverridePriority
```

void SetbOverridePriority(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

GetbSuppressSubtitles

### bool GetbSuppressSubtitles

```
bool GetbSuppressSubtitles()const SetbSuppressSubtitles
```

void SetbSuppressSubtitles(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

GetbCanPlayMultipleInstances

### bool GetbCanPlayMultipleInstances

```
bool GetbCanPlayMultipleInstances()const SetbCanPlayMultipleInstances
```

void SetbCanPlayMultipleInstances(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

GetbDisableParameterUpdatesWhilePlaying

### bool GetbDisableParameterUpdatesWhilePlaying

```
bool GetbDisableParameterUpdatesWhilePlaying()const SetbDisableParameterUpdatesWhilePlaying
```

void SetbDisableParameterUpdatesWhilePlaying(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

GetbAutoManageAttachment

### bool GetbAutoManageAttachment

```
bool GetbAutoManageAttachment()const SetbAutoManageAttachment
```

void SetbAutoManageAttachment(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

GetVolumeMultiplier

### const float32& GetVolumeMultiplier

```
const float32& GetVolumeMultiplier()const GetPitchMultiplier
```

const float32& GetPitchMultiplier() const

### GetLowPassFilterFrequency

```
const float32& GetLowPassFilterFrequency()const
```

### STATIC FUNCTIONS

```
STATIC FUNCTIONS Get static UAudioComponent UAudioComponent::Get(AActor Actor, FName WithName = NAME_None)
```

GetOrCreate

### static UAudioComponent UAudioComponent::GetOrCreate

```
static UAudioComponent UAudioComponent::GetOrCreate(AActor Actor, FName WithName = NAME_None)
```

Create

### static UAudioComponent UAudioComponent::Create

```
static UAudioComponent UAudioComponent::Create(AActor Actor, FName WithName = NAME_None)
```

StaticClass

### static UClass UAudioComponent::StaticClass

```
static UClass UAudioComponent::StaticClass()
```
