# UModelingToolsEditorModeSettings

**Visibility:** public

## Inheritance

UDeveloperSettings → UModelingToolsEditorModeSettings

## Description

Settings for the Modeling Tools Editor Mode plug-in.

### MODELING MODE

```
MODELING MODE DefaultMeshObjectType EModelingModeDefaultMeshObjectType DefaultMeshObjectType
```

What type of Mesh Object should Output Type Setting default to in Modeling Mode Tools (takes effect after Editor restart)

## Members

### bEnableDynamicMeshActors

```
bool bEnableDynamicMeshActors
```

Enable/Disable the options to emit Dynamic Mesh Actors in Modeling Mode Tools

MODELING MODE|GENERATED ASSETS

### AssetGenerationLocation

```
EModelingModeAssetGenerationLocation AssetGenerationLocation
```

Where should Assets auto-generated by Modeling Tools be stored by default

### AutoGeneratedAssetPath

```
FString AutoGeneratedAssetPath
```

Assets auto-generated by Modeling Tools are stored at this path, relative to the parent path defined by the Location. Set to an empty string to disable.

### AssetGenerationMode

```
EModelingModeAssetGenerationBehavior AssetGenerationMode
```

How should Assets auto-generated by Modeling Tools be handled in terms of saving, naming, etc

### bStoreUnsavedLevelAssetsInTopLevelGameFolder

```
bool bStoreUnsavedLevelAssetsInTopLevelGameFolder
```

If true, Auto-Generated Assets created in an unsaved Level will be stored relative to top-level /Game folder, otherwise they will be stored in /Temp and cannot be saved until they are explicitly moved to a permanent location

### bUsePerUserAutogenSubfolder

```
bool bUsePerUserAutogenSubfolder
```

If true, Autogenerated Assets are stored in per-user folders below the Autogen path

### AutogenSubfolderUserNameOverride

```
FString AutogenSubfolderUserNameOverride
```

Overrides the user name used for per-user folders below the Autogen path. This might be necessary to resolve issues with source control, for example. Note that the per-user folder name might not contain the name exactly as provided.

### bAppendRandomStringToName

```
bool bAppendRandomStringToName
```

If true, Autogenerated Assets have a short random string generated and appended to their name

### MODELING MODE|SELECTION

```
MODELING MODE|SELECTION bEnablePersistentSelections bool bEnablePersistentSelections
```

If true, selections will be tracked between tools, and visualized with outlines. This feature is Experimental, disabled by default.

### STATIC FUNCTIONS

```
STATIC FUNCTIONS StaticClass static UClass UModelingToolsEditorModeSettings::StaticClass()
```
