# URetargetChainSettings

**Visibility:** public

## Inheritance

UObject → URetargetChainSettings

## Description

EXPERIMENTAL (MAY CHANGE) VelocityThreshold float32 VelocityThreshold

Range 0 to 1000. Default 5. The maximum speed a source goal can be moving before being considered statically planted.  At 0 the goal is placed at the retargeted location.  At 1 the goal is placed at the retargeted location but clamped by the velocity of the source chain's end bone.  Values between 0 and 1 will blend the applied velocity between the retargeted amount and the source bone amount.

MatchSourceVelocity float32 MatchSourceVelocity

Range 0 to 1. Default 0. Blends IK goal from retargeted velocity (0) to source bone velocity (1).  At 0 the goal is placed at the retargeted location.  At 1 the goal is placed at the retargeted location but clamped by the velocity of the source chain's end bone.  Values between 0 and 1 will blend the applied velocity between the retargeted amount and the source bone amount.

## Members

### ADJUSTMENTS

```
FK ADJUSTMENTS
```
### TranslationAlpha

```
float32 TranslationAlpha
```

Range +/- infinity. Default 1. Scales the amount of translation that is applied. Exact behavior depends on the Translation Mode.  In None Mode, this parameter has no effect.  In Globally Scaled and Absolute modes, the translation offset is scaled by this parameter.

### RotationMode

```
ERetargetRotationMode RotationMode
```

Determines how rotation is copied from the source chain to the target chain. Default is Interpolated.  Interpolated: Source and target chains are normalized by their length, then each target bone rotation is generated by finding the rotation at the same normalized distance on the source chain and interpolating between the neighboring bones.  One to One: Each target bone rotation is copied from the equivalent bone in the source chain, based on the order in the chain, starting at the root of the chain. If the target chain has more bones than the source, the extra bones will remain at their reference pose.  One to One Reversed: Same as One-to-One, but starting from the tip of the chain.  None: The rotation of each target bone in the chain is left at the reference pose.

### TranslationMode

```
ERetargetTranslationMode TranslationMode
```

Determines how translation is copied from the source chain to the target chain. Default is None.  None: Translation of target bones are left unmodified from the retarget pose.  Globally Scaled: Translation of target bone is set to the source bone offset multiplied by the global scale of the skeleton (determined by the relative height difference between retarget root bones).  Absolute: Translation of target bone is set to the absolute position of the source bone.

### CopyPoseUsingFK

```
bool CopyPoseUsingFK
```

Whether to copy the shape of the chain from the source skeleton using the Rotation and Translation modes. Default is true.  NOTE: All FK operations run before the IK pass to copy the shape of the FK chain from the source skeleton.

### RotationAlpha

```
float32 RotationAlpha
```

Range +/- infinity. Default 1. Scales the amount of rotation that is applied.  If Rotation Mode is None this parameter has no effect.  Otherwise, this parameter blends the rotation of each bone in the chain from the base retarget pose (0) to the retargeted pose (1).

### IK ADJUSTMENTS

```
IK ADJUSTMENTS Extension float32 Extension
```

Range 0 to 5. Default 1. Brings IK goal closer (-) or further (+) from origin of chain.  At 0 the effector is placed at the origin of the chain.  Values greater than 1 will stretch the chain beyond the retargeted length.

### BlendToSourceWeights

```
FVector BlendToSourceWeights
```

Range 0 to 1. Default 1. Weight each axis separately when using Blend To Source.  At 0 the goal is placed at the retargeted location.  At 1 the goal is placed at the location of the source chain's end bone.

### StaticOffset

```
FVector StaticOffset
```

Default 0, 0, 0. Apply static global-space offset to IK goal position.

### DriveIKGoal

```
bool DriveIKGoal
```

Whether to modify the location of the IK goal on this chain. Default is true.  NOTE: This only has an effect if the chain has an IK Goal assigned to it in the Target IK Rig asset.  NOTE: If off, and this chain has an IK Goal, the IK will still be evaluated, but the Goal is set to the input bone location (from the FK pass).

### BlendToSource

```
float32 BlendToSource
```

Range 0 to 1. Default 0. Blends IK goal position from retargeted location (0) to source bone location (1).  At 0 the goal is placed at the retargeted location.  At 1 the goal is placed at the location of the source chain's end bone.

### STATIC FUNCTIONS

```
STATIC FUNCTIONS StaticClass static UClass URetargetChainSettings::StaticClass()
```
