# USynthComponent

**Visibility:** public

## Inheritance

USceneComponent → USynthComponent → UAudioCaptureComponent → UGranularSynth → UMediaSoundComponent → UModularSynthComponent

## Description

and 4 other children

## ATTENUATION

### AttenuationOverrides

```
FSoundAttenuationSettings AttenuationOverrides
```

If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component

### bAllowSpatialization

```
bool bAllowSpatialization
```

Is this audio component allowed to be spatialized?

### bOverrideAttenuation

```
bool bOverrideAttenuation
```

Should the Attenuation Settings asset be used (false) or should the properties set directly on the component be used for attenuation properties

### AttenuationSettings

```
USoundAttenuation AttenuationSettings
```

If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component

---

## CONCURRENCY

### ConcurrencySet

```
TSet<TObjectPtr<USoundConcurrency>> ConcurrencySet
```

What sound concurrency to use for sounds generated by this audio component

---

## EFFECTS

### SoundSubmixSends

```
TArray<FSoundSubmixSendInfo> SoundSubmixSends
```

An array of submix sends. Audio from this sound will send a portion of its audio to these effects.

### BusSends

```
TArray<FSoundSourceBusSendInfo> BusSends
```

This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing after source effects are processed.

### SoundSubmix

```
USoundSubmixBase SoundSubmix
```

Submix this sound belongs to

### SourceEffectChain

```
USoundEffectSourcePresetChain SourceEffectChain
```

The source effect chain to use for this sound.

### PreEffectBusSends

```
TArray<FSoundSourceBusSendInfo> PreEffectBusSends
```

This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing before source effects are processed.

### bEnableBusSends

```
bool bEnableBusSends
```

Whether or not to enable sending this audio's output to buses.

---

## SOUND

### EnvelopeFollowerAttackTime

```
int EnvelopeFollowerAttackTime
```

The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.

### bIsUISound

```
bool bIsUISound
```

Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI

### EnvelopeFollowerReleaseTime

```
int EnvelopeFollowerReleaseTime
```

The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.

---

## SOUNDCLASS

### SoundClass

```
USoundClass SoundClass
```

Sound class this sound belongs to

---

## VARIABLES

### OnAudioEnvelopeValue

```
FOnSynthEnvelopeValue OnAudioEnvelopeValue AUDIO|COMPONENTS|AUDIO SetVolumeMultiplier void SetVolumeMultiplier(float32 VolumeMultiplier)
```

Set a new volume multiplier

### SetLowPassFilterEnabled

```
void SetLowPassFilterEnabled(bool InLowPassFilterEnabled)
```

Sets whether or not the low pass filter is enabled on the audio component.

### SetLowPassFilterFrequency

```
void SetLowPassFilterFrequency(float32 InLowPassFilterFrequency)
```

Sets lowpass filter frequency of the audio component.

### SetOutputToBusOnly

```
void SetOutputToBusOnly(bool bInOutputToBusOnly)
```

Sets whether or not the synth component outputs its audio to any source or audio buses.

### SetSubmixSend

```
void SetSubmixSend(USoundSubmixBase Submix, float32 SendLevel)
```

Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given submix.

---

## SYNTH \| COMPONENTS \| AUDIO

### Start

```
void Start()
```

Starts the synth generating audio.

### Stop

```
void Stop()
```

Stops the synth generating audio.

### IsPlaying

```
bool IsPlaying()const
```

Returns true if this component is currently playing.

---

## FUNCTIONS

### SetbAllowSpatialization

```
void SetbAllowSpatialization(bool Value)
```

GetbOverrideAttenuation

### bool GetbOverrideAttenuation

```
bool GetbOverrideAttenuation()const GetbAllowSpatialization
```

bool GetbAllowSpatialization() const

### SetbOverrideAttenuation

```
void SetbOverrideAttenuation(bool Value)
```

GetbEnableBusSends

### bool GetbEnableBusSends

```
bool GetbEnableBusSends()const SetbEnableBusSends
```

void SetbEnableBusSends(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

SetbEnableBaseSubmix

### void SetbEnableBaseSubmix

```
void SetbEnableBaseSubmix(bool Value)
```

SetbEnableSubmixSends

### void SetbEnableSubmixSends

```
void SetbEnableSubmixSends(bool Value)
```

GetbIsUISound

### bool GetbIsUISound

```
bool GetbIsUISound()const SetbIsUISound
```

void SetbIsUISound(

### bool 	Value

```
bool 	Value 	)
```

### STATIC FUNCTIONS

```
STATIC FUNCTIONS Get static USynthComponent USynthComponent::Get(AActor Actor, FName WithName = NAME_None)
```

GetOrCreate

### static USynthComponent USynthComponent::GetOrCreate

```
static USynthComponent USynthComponent::GetOrCreate(AActor Actor, FName WithName = NAME_None)
```

Create

### static USynthComponent USynthComponent::Create

```
static USynthComponent USynthComponent::Create(AActor Actor, FName WithName = NAME_None)
```

StaticClass

### static UClass USynthComponent::StaticClass

```
static UClass USynthComponent::StaticClass()
```
