# UWidgetInteractionComponent

**Visibility:** public

## Inheritance

USceneComponent → UWidgetInteractionComponent

## Description

This is a component to allow interaction with the Widget Component.  This class allows you to simulate a sort of laser pointer device, when it hovers over widgets it will send the basic signals to show as if the mouse were moving on top of it.  You'll then tell the component to simulate key presses, like Left Mouse, down and up, to simulate a mouse click.

## DEBUGGING

### bShowDebug

```
bool bShowDebug
```

Shows some debugging lines and a hit sphere to help you debug interactions.

### DebugColor

```
FLinearColor DebugColor
```

Determines the color of the debug lines.

### DebugLineThickness

```
float32 DebugLineThickness
```

Determines the thickness of the debug lines.

### DebugSphereLineThickness

```
float32 DebugSphereLineThickness
```

Determines the line thickness of the debug sphere.

---

## INTERACTION

### InteractionSource

```
EWidgetInteractionSource InteractionSource
```

Should we project from the world location of the component?  If you set this to false, you'll need to call SetCustomHitResult(), and provide the result of a custom hit test form whatever location you wish.

### TraceChannel

```
ECollisionChannel TraceChannel
```

The trace channel to use when tracing for widget components in the world.

### PointerIndex

```
int PointerIndex
```

Each user virtual controller or virtual finger tips being simulated should use a different pointer index.

### VirtualUserIndex

```
int VirtualUserIndex
```

Represents the Virtual User Index.  Each virtual user should be represented by a different index number, this will maintain separate capture and focus states for them.  Each controller or finger-tip should get a unique PointerIndex.

### InteractionDistance

```
float32 InteractionDistance
```

The distance in game units the component should be able to interact with a widget component.

### bEnableHitTesting

```
bool bEnableHitTesting
```

Should the interaction component perform hit testing (Automatic or Custom) and attempt to simulate hover - if you were going to emulate a keyboard you would want to turn this option off if the virtual keyboard was separate from the virtual pointer device and used a second interaction component.

---

## INTERACTION \| EVENT

### OnHoveredWidgetChanged

```
FOnHoveredWidgetChanged OnHoveredWidgetChanged
```

Called when the hovered Widget Component changes.  The interaction component functions at the Slate level - so it's unable to report anything about what UWidget is under the hit result.

---

## VARIABLES

### LastHitResult

```
const FHitResult LastHitResult
```

The last hit result we used.

### HoveredWidgetComponent

```
const UWidgetComponent HoveredWidgetComponent
```

The widget component we're currently hovering over.

---

## INTERACTION

### ReleaseKey

```
bool ReleaseKey(FKey Key)
```

Releases a key as if it had been released by the keyboard.

### GetHoveredWidgetComponent

```
UWidgetComponent GetHoveredWidgetComponent()const
```

Get the currently hovered widget component.

### GetLastHitResult

```
const FHitResult& GetLastHitResult()const
```

Gets the last hit result generated by the component.  Returns the custom hit result if that was set.

### IsOverFocusableWidget

```
bool IsOverFocusableWidget()const
```

Returns true if a widget under the hit result is focusable.  e.g. Slate widgets that return true for SupportsKeyboardFocus().

### IsOverHitTestVisibleWidget

```
bool IsOverHitTestVisibleWidget()const
```

Returns true if a widget under the hit result is has a visibility that makes it hit test visible.  e.g. Slate widgets that return true for GetVisibility().IsHitTestVisible().

### IsOverInteractableWidget

```
bool IsOverInteractableWidget()const
```

Returns true if a widget under the hit result is interactive.  e.g. Slate widgets that return true for IsInteractable().

### PressAndReleaseKey

```
bool PressAndReleaseKey(FKey Key)
```

Does both the press and release of a simulated keyboard key.

### PressKey

```
bool PressKey(FKey Key, bool bRepeat = false)
```

Press a key as if it had come from the keyboard.  Avoid using this for 'a-z|A-Z', things like the Editable Textbox in Slate expect OnKeyChar to be called to signal a specific character being send to the widget.  So for those cases you should use SendKeyChar.

### PressPointerKey

```
void PressPointerKey(FKey Key)
```

Presses a key as if the mouse/pointer were the source of it.  Normally you would just use Left/Right mouse button for the Key.  However - advanced uses could also be imagined where you send other keys to signal widgets to take special actions if they're under the cursor.

### Get2DHitLocation

```
FVector2D Get2DHitLocation()const
```

Gets the last hit location on the widget in 2D, local pixel units of the render target.

### ReleasePointerKey

```
void ReleasePointerKey(FKey Key)
```

Releases a key as if the mouse/pointer were the source of it.  Normally you would just use Left/Right mouse button for the Key.  However - advanced uses could also be imagined where you send other keys to signal widgets to take special actions if they're under the cursor.

### ScrollWheel

```
void ScrollWheel(float32 ScrollDelta)
```

Sends a scroll wheel event to the widget under the last hit result.

### SendKeyChar

```
bool SendKeyChar(FString Characters, bool bRepeat = false)
```

Transmits a list of characters to a widget by simulating a OnKeyChar event for each key listed in the string.

### SetCustomHitResult

```
void SetCustomHitResult(FHitResult HitResult)
```

Set custom hit result.  This is only taken into account if InteractionSource is set to EWidgetInteractionSource::Custom.

### SetFocus

```
void SetFocus(UWidget FocusWidget)
```

Set the focus target of the virtual user managed by this component

### STATIC FUNCTIONS

```
STATIC FUNCTIONS Get static UWidgetInteractionComponent UWidgetInteractionComponent::Get(AActor Actor, FName WithName = NAME_None)
```

GetOrCreate

### static UWidgetInteractionComponent UWidgetInteractionComponent::GetOrCreate

```
static UWidgetInteractionComponent UWidgetInteractionComponent::GetOrCreate(
```

AActor 	Actor,

### FName 	WithName	 = 	NAME_None

```
FName 	WithName	 = 	NAME_None
```

)

### Create

```
static UWidgetInteractionComponent UWidgetInteractionComponent::Create(AActor Actor, FName WithName = NAME_None)
```

StaticClass

### static UClass UWidgetInteractionComponent::StaticClass

```
static UClass UWidgetInteractionComponent::StaticClass()
```
